# Dataset

## Cablegate Set
The Cablegate Set is one of five subsets in the WikiLeaks Public Library of US Diplomacy (PlusD). The PlusD holds the world’s largest searchable collection of United States confidential, or formerly confidential, diplomatic communications. The collection is updated from a variety of sources, including leaks, documents released under the Freedom of Information Act and documents released by the US State Department systematic declassification review. The PlusD consists of five subsets: Kissinger Cables, Carter Cables, Carter Cables 2, Carter Cables 3 and Cablegate Set.

Our dataset consists of paragraphs extracted from Cablegate Set. The Cablegate Set is a set of 251,287 US diplomatic cables from November 2010 and over the following year. These cables are stored on the WikiLeaks web page in static HTML format, mixed and sorted by their dates of creation. Each cable can be divided into two sections. The first section contains information utilized in the cable exchange between the sender and receivers, cable’s release date, topic tags and confidential class. The second section is the cable body. The body is divided into one or more numbered informative sections or paragraphs. Numbered sections are labeled with confidential class initials within round brackets. The cable itself has a label in the head section and its information sections or the paragraphs are also labeled. Unclassified, Confidential and Secret are the only confidential classes found in Cablegate Set. Paragraphs along with their confidential class and topic are extracted and considered as an instance.

## WikiLeaks Cable Dataset

The dataset is collected from Cablegate Set. We refer to the dataset as WikiLeaks Cable Dataset. In real condition, there won’t be so much data available to train model, especially confidential class data. To demonstrate that our proposed method gives a good performance on small labeled data, we make a small annotated dataset by stratified random sampling. The WikiLeaks Cable Dataset contains 89,681 paragraph-level instances across 24 topics. The details on the dataset are provided in Table 1.

We aim to detect confidential information in this paper. The confidential class of information can be assessed based on the impact that might result from its leakage. For instance, the “Secret” class is assigned to information that would lead to severe damage to the national security if released to the public. The “Confidential” class is assigned to information that would lead to damage to the national security if released to the public. While the “Unclassified” class can be restricted to specifically authorized officials or released to the public without any damage to national security. We combined “Secret” and “Confidential” classes into one single class called Confidential class. The classes are Cnfidential and Non-Confidential which is defined respectively as followsClass = {C, NC} (as shown in Figure 4).
